What did the lady necklace find?
A few times in the flower pot on the balcony
apologize
I asked you to apologize to me.
I didn't steal it.
You wronged me
Apologize Zhao Xiaoyue
What kind of daydreaming do you have to do in broad daylight?
You really didn't steal the necklace.
But poor people like you are trash at the bottom
I must also want to steal something from my house
Just never got the chance
I hit you
It should be
That is.
You just have the heart but not the guts
Stealing opportunities like yours
You are a failure!
Hahahaha
This is the so-called wealthy family
High above
Black and white, right and wrong
I think you're more disgusting than the stink in the gutter
Who are you?
How dare you scold me!
Okay, morning.
Don't follow this
Here we go.
Xu Yaochen
Even such a scumbag has a mother to protect him
What about my mother?
If my mother were by my side
Will you protect me like this?